---
title: A Shitpost Submitted to the MIT Admissions Office
date: 2021-11-05
blurb: Exactly as the title suggests
---

Tackling the definition of happiness in two double-spaced pages may be a stretch. Seeing as some of the most learned historical philosophers settled with defining happiness with yet another vague term. Aristotle defines happiness as the cultivation of virtue. Plato claims virtues are a prerequisite to the attainment of happiness. Instead of confusing everyone who reads this, and me in the process, I shall simply answer this question: What makes me happy?

A potent wind stirred the browning leaves into a cacophonous tornado of color. The sun overhead hung dejectedly, like a forgotten paper doll, casting shivering shadows upon the driveway. The thinly trimmed stalks of grass waltz a macabre ballet covered by the shade of the common box. The grass stems yearned for release from the soil’s clutches. they tugged, toiled, threatening to be carried away off to their funerals in some unforgiving corner of the world.

The wind pays its respects; its intensity recedes for a moment, just enough to hear the grass heave a sigh of frustration. Then, overtaken by hubris, it stirs again, not wanting to be outdone. 

Alas, as with all good things, this banter eventually was forced aside by the arrival of new sounds. The satisfying hiss of bus tires and a closing door are replaced with a muffled crunching and a methodical thump. Split on the seams, left shoelace untied, a pair of black Nike sneakers lead a set of dragging legs and up the hill. Back arched from the weight of the pressing responsibility and weighty knowledge he bears upon his back, he moves as if asleep. Well-worn from the inevitably of its traversal, this specific path has been followed countless times in the same manner. He takes one lethargic step after another, all the while locked in an intense staring contest with the asphalt concrete.

His adagio rhythm is abruptly broken. 
As if bequeathed an unpleasant premonition he suddenly stops and stares upward. A shimmer in the light, perhaps he has seen a beautiful bird, some trick in the light ... someone peeking from behind a window?
 With an impetuous change of heart and unforeseen conviction, his strides suddenly become forceful, picking up-tempo to the front door of his home. Wrenching the door off its hinges (figuratively), he tosses his bag down and hugs his mother, breaking off almost instantly to sprint to his room.
This close to Nirvana, still breathing heavily, he opens his computer lid.


Swish, swash, tippity, tap.
With a practiced string of deft keystrokes, he is now faced with a portal to the great unknown. He is ready at last to accept the infinite opportunities presented to him. Whichever whim shall he pursue today?
After grueling hours confined within claustrophobic chairs behind a desk, he is finally able to let loose. From the blissful expression apparent even through his intense concentration, it would appear he has arrived home to more than one loving embrace. Here, on his computer, he can accomplish anything he so chooses; his hands are his only restriction. No more teachers. No more school. Just absolute euphoria. An avenue into which he may spill his sheaves of pent-up emotion.

There is nothing in the world that brings me greater joy than writing college essays.
